Update prerender best practices (#1166)
Macrometacorp/docs: docs/photoniq/prerendering/best-practices-prerendering.md

> Prerendering is an optimization technique that generates static HTML pages from dynamic content to improve website performance. The following best practices help you get the most out of Prerendering.

Reviewer: Here, I think we should find a better definition of prerendering. It is not about improving website performance but making dynamic content (generated using Javascript) available to web crawlers. We probably have a better definition of prerendering on other documentation.

Author: Updated. What do you think?

Reviewer: Looks good!

> ## Domain Configuration

Reviewer: Here we could mention Origin instead of Domain

Author: Do you mean I should replace "domain" with "origin" in this paragraph?

Reviewer: Yeah, I think we should talk about origin, not domain.
So the title would be `Origin Configuration`.

Author: Great stuff! Updated.

> Be very careful when configuring the domains for prerendering. Incorrect settings can result in caching problems and the delivery of outdated content. Make sure the specified domains are accurate and correspond to the sections of your site that you intend to prerender.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Be very careful when configuring the origins for prerendering. Incorrect settings can result in prerendering problems and the delivery of very outdated content. Ensure the specified origins settings are accurate and correspond to your website's needs.
```

It is okay to serve outdated content. When you use the caching feature, you know that the pages won't be always up to date. The problem comes when, for example, your website is updated every week, and you configured the cache to expire in 30 days.

Reviewer: It is important to mention the purge cache feature, so the user can remove the cache for particular pages in the case he wants to serve the most up to date version of the page.

Author: We mention the caching in the next best practice.

Reviewer: Here my concern is with:
```
Make sure the specified origins are accurate and correspond to the sections of your site that you intend to prerender.
```
When you configure an origin, you can prerender whatever URL you want from that origin. The customer just needs to make sure the configuration is OK and working fine for the website.
What do you think about this?
```
Make sure the specified origin settings are accurate and correspond to your website's needs.
```

> ## Use the API for Caching and Recaching

Reviewer: Here, I suggest describing how caching improves the prerender experience without putting the API as the main topic. We could also add the link to the cache API at the end of the section.
```suggestion
## Cache Configuration
```

> Take advantage of the prerendering service's API to programatically cache or recache pages. This ensures that crawlers always access up-to-date content, and allows you greater control over your caching strategy. You can also manually purge the cache in the web console.

Reviewer: As I mentioned above. I think it is better to mention how caching can improve the pretender experience. Something like:
`Take advantage of the caching feature to serve the static version of your website's page faster. By using this feature, the pages are cached and served to the bots without the need of prerendering them again. Configure the cache expiration time according to how frequently your website is modified.`

For more information about managing the Preredering cache, refer to [Manage Cache](manage-cache).

## Remove or Update Dead Links

Dead links negatively affect both your SEO rankings and the cost of prerendering. Regularly scan your website for dead links and either remove them or update them to point to active pages. This improves user experience and ensures you're not incurring extra charges for prerendering pages that don't contribute to your site's value.

If you have a system that redirects users to a page that provides a 404 experience if they stumble on something that isn't covered, then you might want to add a 404 identifier to Prerendering. For more information, refer to [Manage 404 Identifiers](manage-404-identifiers).

> ## Implement User-Agent String Detection on Your Origin Server

Reviewer: I think we should remove this section or rewrite it to mention that PhotonIQ Prerendering can also be configured to render pages as a mobile device. So here, it is important that the website supports mobile devices.

Author: Well, which is it? Remove it or rewrite it? I'm kind of fuzzy on user-agent strings, are those what tells the page if the bot/user is on desktop or mobile?

Reviewer 2: I would say remove, as this is more web page best practice, detection is our case is done on CDN and we are only serving bots.
Or rewrite to cover following steps:
So if CDN detect "desktop bot" he should use prereer for bots endpoint and if detect mobile bot he should use mobile end point.

Reviewer: Yeah, I think we should remove it.

The only use case for the customer to check the user agent is to identify if the request is coming from a mobile device so they can redirect to a different URL, which is entirely different.

Akamai is verifying the user-agent header to redirect bot requests to PhotonIQ Prerender, so the customer does not need to worry about it.

> To maximize the benefits of prerendering, target specific areas of your website that will gain the most from this optimization technique. Typically, these are high-traffic pages or sections featuring dynamic content that seldom changes. By focusing on these areas, you ensure efficient use of resources and faster load times for your users.

Author: Should we provide more guidance here?

Reviewer 2: I am not sure that I get, so this selective prerendering can only be configured on CDN side not ours side.
also why this "sections featuring dynamic content that **seldom changes**."
Also we are not doing for users only for bots

Author: How should we update this section, then? Or should we remove it?

Reviewer 2: I would say remove it

## Use the API for Caching and Recaching

Take advantage of the prerendering service's API to programatically cache or recache pages. This ensures that crawlers always access up-to-date content, and allows you greater control over your caching strategy. You can also manually purge the cache in the web console.

For more information about managing the Preredering cache, refer to [Manage Cache](manage-cache).

> ## Configure Ignored Parameters

Author: Is this something we have? I haven't seen it in the UI.

Reviewer 2: This is prefetching, I would say

Author: How does the user configure the ignored parameters?

Reviewer: We don't have this feature. I think we should delete this.
@tushar-macrometa, any thoughts?

Reviewer 2: I was reading wrong line, yes we don't have this

Author: Updated

Dead links negatively affect both your SEO rankings and the cost of prerendering. Regularly scan your website for dead links and either remove them or update them to point to active pages. This improves user experience and ensures you're not incurring extra charges for prerendering pages that don't contribute to your site's value.

> If you have a system that redirects users to a page that provides a non-404 experience if they stumble on something that isn't covered, then you might want to add a 404 identifier to Prerendering. For more information, refer to [Manage 404 Identifiers](manage-404-identifiers).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have a system that redirects users to a page that provides a 404 experience if they stumble on something that isn't covered, then you might want to add a 404 identifier to Prerendering. For more information, refer to [Manage 404 Identifiers](manage-404-identifiers).
```

Examine the performance metrics generated by the prerendering service. These metrics provide valuable insights into user experience and identify areas for further optimization. Make a habit of checking these metrics at regular intervals to stay ahead of any issues.

For more information about monitoring Prerendering metrics, refer to [Monitor Prerendering](monitor-prerendering).

> ## Manage Cache on Your Origin Server

Reviewer: I think we should also remove this section. It looks like it is very generic and does not add any value or it does not provide any action to be done by the users.

> Examine the performance metrics generated by the prerendering service. These metrics provide valuable insights into user experience and identify areas for further optimization. Make a habit of checking these metrics at regular intervals to stay ahead of any issues.

Author: Can we give more guidance here? Like suggest specific metrics they should pay extra attention to?

Reviewer 2: Area for further opt will come with SEO scoring
right now, They can only monitor the overall health of the system 
Example:
Response Time Percentiles
Failed Renders
